The Hollywood, California, Meltdown, Comics, NerdMelt, Theater, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage, please welcome to the stage, please welcome to the stage the
major of Harmontown, Dan Harmon. Yeah, yeah, I put my hat on my hand. I took your mama too bad.
I started wrapping her shoulders because she was tense. I said, mama you're tense. She said, tense rhymes with tense.
I said, go in the back and sleep in the tents. There were two tents that she had to choose from.
There was a wigwam on the side and she wasn't. Alright, okay, don't.
It was a noble experiment. Yeah, yeah. I mean, you know.
I felt there was a chance that something magical was about to happen. Yeah, no, I over-thought it. I over-thought it.
I was like, wow, there's a lot of people, it's doing good on Netflix, that movie, I guess there's a lot of people,
maybe they think that the wrapping will be better in person. Sorry, I started, there's a feedback loop.
I think the wrapping is just as good in person as just listening to it.
Fuck you, Acknowledged. No, I would like to continue to experiment with the idea of me coming up with something to do.
Right. Like that. Okay. So don't give up on me. Do you want to start over? Should we start over?
No, no, well, I mean... Is that too inorganic? How about this, go out and enter from the street. Walk out there.
That's actually not about it. Go out the side door.
Spend a moment, Dan, in the alley. Pretend like you're in Brooklyn or something. Pretend you're some hard-ass street.
Alright, Harmon has left the room. The door is shut. Okay, everybody, let's hide.
Alright.
Alright, everybody. Take two. Nerd Melt comics. Meltdown Theater. Hollywood, California.
Shit's about to get real. Harmontown is once again put the same second time and the same night in session.
Entering from a completely different door.
From the alleyway. Not the cosy and comfortable green room, but the mean streets of the alley.
To get up and need a drive. Man, Harmon. Money, drugs, got it, drugs, drugs. Money, drugs, Brooklyn, not drugs.
I said, bitch, please, you're never gonna get in law school doing that. She took her hat down, pulled off her hat, and there was a little robot under her skin.
He said, oh shit, you're moving in. You're gonna come inside and see what controls her. Oh shit, she's a giant robot.
That was a little boy.
That was 75% better than the first one. I think you harness something angry and wonderful.
I turned into DMX out there, I think. Yeah, for me, that's what Brooklyn's about.
I was like a dog, like a fighting dog. I wish we had four more rooms for you to enter from.
Like if I came down on a cotton ball moon like Katy Perry, would I have a hit on my hands?
Can you enter out of the bathroom and try it again?
Do you think it's diminishing returns now? Yeah, probably. Also, you're wildly out of breath right now.
I moved from, yeah, one of the secrets of the start of the show is that I'm right there off camera.
In the show, I thought to minimize the exercise, but that was twice as far as I've walked for a long time.
So I'm not gonna, I'm sorry, right away, just in case everybody panics and goes like, oh shit, I'm behind it.
I don't want this major thing spoiled, but I just finished watching all of this Jinx thing with the Jinx guy.
With our Bobby Durst? Yeah. Who, you know, that blinking thing, that is very Adam Goldberg.
Anybody who's actually talked to Adam Goldberg? Scott Robinson? What's your name out there?
John Robinson. I thought for sure that was there. I thought Adam Goldberg had a new identity.
I was like, that is, I think how this starts. It's just association. He just starts going like, aren't we all pretzels?
And then it's like, who gives a shit? But yeah, that guy, if you've ever had a conversation.
Do you guys know what we're talking about, the Bob Durst? He possibly killed 19 people?
You should definitely check it out. It's not like, I mean, the serial thing was amazing and fun to take part in.
After a while, the reason to take part in it was because you would be the only person that didn't know what anyone else was talking about.
But this really is, even if you were on a desert island, by the time you get to the end, it really is quite, it's pretty incredible.
It's like, the serial thing is kind of like, it's sort of like, the circumstances are the same at the end as at the beginning.
Like, they're just reopening a confusing murder and you leave confused in serial.
This is, you do not, it's fucking crazy, like the last five minutes are amazing.
So that's all I'll say about the actual content. You don't have to worry about spoilers or anything.
But I did, while we were watching, and I got into the strangest debate with Aaron, because they kept on, you know, like,
he was on trial at a certain point for murdering a guy and they thought it was a slam dunk case because he dismembered him.
And so, and it was like, and they kept, they kept stressing that.
They're like, well, this is the, this is the body that he dismembered, so it's open and shut.
And they kept going like, how, I don't understand what these, and Aaron and I got into this really not intense argument,
but it was like, just really, we weren't seeing each other side of it.
It was like, if I ever need or want to kill someone, let's say need.
Like, I'm gonna do everything I can to do it right.
I'm gonna follow through. I assume.
Like, I would have decided that someone needed to die.
So this would be a first degree premeditated murder we're talking about?
Yeah, or even, I guess, if, yeah, well, yeah.
Or if the shit went down, you went, fuck it, this guy has to go, bang,
and now you gotta deal with the aftermath of that.
Yeah, well, maybe that's the big clincher, is it's like, okay, this guy, but it's like, who, if you, yeah.
Let's say it's the latter. Let's say that you had a reason to hide something so big, like another murder, for instance.
And you told the guy too much, and he was like, I'm gonna blackmail you.
And I'm like, well, please don't do that, because you might not like what happens.
And then he'd be like, are you threatening me?
And I'd be like, are you blackmailing me?
Are you gonna murder me?
Are you gonna blackmail me?
Well, let's say.
Because the last person didn't blackmail me.
You know, so you're in trouble here.
She was about to. She was about to blackmail me.
Yeah, she was about to. Are you blackmailing me?
I'm about to.
Okay, so you're neck and neck with a dead person.
All right. Hey, let's call the whole thing up.
I forget we ever, let's just go to Chili's, have lunch.
Okay, great. So here's the thing.
I will know if you're blackmailing me, if you say to me...
Look, I'll just say this. I'll say this.
I'm a little, I'm behind in the rent.
I could use 50,000, let's say 50,000 dollars fell out of the sky right now.
I would know exactly what to do with that.
As opposed to walking down maybe to the local police department
and saying that your name is Dan Park.
Is that what you're gonna do? You're gonna talk to the police?
Okay, yes, I'm gonna do it.
Give me 50,000 dollars and it won't do it.
All right.
I guess I'm, am I blackmailing you now? It's blackmail.
Let me get my checkbook.
Is it in the drawer with the gun?
I don't, I don't have a gun drawer.
I have a checkbook drawer.
My gun is in it because it's a, it's something, it's another thing you use sometimes in an emergency.
Oh, shit.
Wait, wait, you, oh shit, the first one you missed is like when you got me.
Son of a bitch.
Should I ask for less money?
All right, so now you got a dead guy on the floor of your apartment.
Bleeding all over the joint.
You're dressed as a woman.
You've been going under a fake name.
Now you got some fucking fancy footwork to do.
Yeah.
Now what's, what's your first move?
I would, I would do what he did.
Go buy a bossa and start chopping fuckers up?
I think.
Now, now, now, now Aaron's point is that no, no normal human being could get past that point.
And my point is that, yeah, that's why so many people get caught.
Like the people that, like the people that get away with murder are the people that go that extra mile.
Post murder.
Like they do horrible things.
Like you've taken a human life and now that person is meat.
And now, so that's why I'm confused as in the courtroom where they try to, they bring that out like,
and then you know what he did?
He tried, he tried to keep doing it.
He tried to finish.
He tried to get away with it.
Yeah.
He took the head and he put it in a bowling bag and he threw it on the roof.
Not once, but twice.
He missed the first time.
I was like, yeah, it's hard, he had a difficult time.
He's trying to get away.
He didn't walk in here.
It wasn't, he tried, he killed the guy and he wanted to get away with it.
Right.
I just said that whole group, because it's like, you're talking about a jury of people who are all supposed to sit there and think,
oh yeah, that is fucked up because if I killed someone and they're all running a simulation of them killing someone,
it's like, you're already fucked up people.
Oh, I wouldn't be able to do this or that, like tell me more about where your lines are,
like around the horrible primatological act of extinguishing another primate.
Like, oh, what are your pet peeves right after the life goes out of their eyes?
These people that kill someone normally, the neurotypical murderer,
the heteronormative mainstream murderer,
the 1%, not 99%, I don't know, okay, I want you to fire that.
What do they do?
They kill somebody kind of in a fit of a rage.
They don't do it for any reason.
And then they go, oh no, oh god, I can't believe I did that.
Well, what, so I'm supposed to make that person senator and send the other person to the electric chair?
The other person is playing chess with life.
Who's this crazy person that can kill their best friend because they're in a bad mood and then be like, whoops.
That person has the hearts and minds of the jury.
Like, yeah, that's dangerous to me.
The idea is we take it easy on people who confess to a crime as opposed to people who elaborately try to hide the fact.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's like, what better way to keep getting away with murder than to never murder someone again?
Isn't there a kind of self-policing to a successful murderer?
Well, apparently not.
That's why we're so fascinated with this guy, though.
I think this guy is a little cuckoo pants.
Oh no, he's not even good at getting away with it or anything.
What he's good at is having loads of money and having really good defense attorneys.
And that's the thing.
The prosecution absolutely screwed that one.
The guy chopped somebody up into a hundred pieces and threw him in a trash bag and threw him in the water and he floated.
You always hear these stories about this whole myth of, oh, these rich people are going to afford these rich lawyers.
But it's not like they're Clarence Darrow doing these tricks.
Whenever you see the real life incarnation of it, it's always just like the people who work for the prosecution are totally incompetent.
You can't believe or understand what they're doing.
The jury is totally confused.
A rational, normal person with an IQ over 100 stands up and represents the killer and says,
guys, let's get down to brass tacks. Here's the rules. If you didn't find a head, you can't say.
That's the rules, sorry.
If you can't find a head, you're right.
No, it's right there in the rules.
And then everyone's like, you slick talking city lawyer.
You dersewitch, you got him.
You got him.
No, you're fucking city employees.
They're idiots.
They're like these weird people.
What was their name?
Marsha Clark, whoever, the OJ prosecution.
They fucking blew it. They blew it.
And they had our Frank Kato on the stand.
He didn't know anything and they made a big jump out of him and he was better for the defense.
He ended up being worse for the prosecution because he didn't know anything.
He told me the whole story.
I hung out with Kato the first time I met him.
I met him at the Playboy mansion.
As one does.
And we hung out and then we went to Mel's Diner.
Is it Mel's Diner? Maybe it was back when it was Ben Franks.
We sat there and he told me the whole story.
He told me the whole day of OJ knocks on his door and says, hey, Kato, if you're going to use the hot tub,
you got to turn it off afterwards.
And Kato's like, I always turn it off.
Kato's really smart.
He remembers everything.
He sounds like a surfer kind of bimbo he did, but he's quite intelligent and super thoughtful.
And he's like, when I use it, I always turn it off.
And I knew that I had.
And it was like, also, he never came down to the back house to speak to me.
So then he goes, OK, I'm sorry.
I thought I did.
But next time you do that, you got to do that.
But he looked kind of out of sorts and weird.
So then he goes away.
And then a while later, he comes back and says, hey, do you have change for 100?
And at that point, Kato's like, I just feel like he just wanted to prove.
Looking back on it, he was just trying to prove I was here.
And he was like, no, I don't have change for 100.
He's broke-ass Kato Kato living in the back house of his place because he's good with kids.
And Nicole Simpson loved Kato.
And he was great with the children.
O.J. was never there.
So O.J. also, he felt like was having him followed.
Like Kato felt like he was pretty sure that he was being watched because he was super jealous of Nicole who was cheating on him.
And then he said, no, I don't have change for 100.
He's like, well, I want to go to McDonald's and get some food, which sounds like alibi, like establishing.
And Kato doesn't know this because he doesn't know a murder is about to happen or two murders.
And he goes, I'll just go with you.
I'm hungry, too.
And O.J. goes, oh, oh, go, go, go, go, go.
Okay, okay, okay, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go.
And they go in the car and they order the food and he eats the food and he eats it in the drive, like the drive-thru.
They order the food in the drive-thru and instantly eats his fillet of fish or a quarter pound or whatever he gets.
At the drive-thru, which nobody has ever done.
Nobody eats it before you leave the parking lot.
Guilty, sir.
So he tells me the whole story and then a friend of his, he's good friends with Nicole.
She nearly gets decapitated and his other guy, the waiter, wasn't it Ron Goldman, he gets murdered.
So as he's telling the story at this diner at 4 a.m., a guy comes over to the table and goes,
hey, Kato, Kato, hey, yo, man, I have an old school OJ Simpson jersey signed by him.
How much do you think that's worth?
And Kato's like, I don't know, man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, sorry, asshole.
And the guy walked away, I go, you just told me about your friend being nearly decapitated.
And then some guy walks up and says, how much is an OJ thing and called you an asshole?
And he goes, it happens every day.
Once a day for 10 years.
I remember back then, because people felt like he was just a party to this whole circus.
So I remember back then him saying that people would drive by and yell stuff out the window.
That was years after, but it was like they associated him with the...
All he was was a guy that happened to hear a thump on the wall.
And he was around when it happened, didn't know anything, and they made him a hostile witness.
He's the only guy I ever saw.
Even Jack Black, with the time that I would be hanging out in public with Jack Black,
is probably the most famous guy I've ever been in public with at the height of their fame.
And the height of people just strangers coming up to Jack and going, are you famous?
And Jack would go, no, because if you don't, yeah.
And then I'm going, yeah, you are.
And then they're like, can I get a picture with you?
And Jack going, half the time, okay, and half the time, no.
But then in either case, they come up later and go, keep calm, screw the rock or whatever.
They yell some shit at him.
And the Cato, the one time we were out, he was singing karaoke and people were just walking up,
putting their arm around him.
He was like a statue.
And going like, taking a picture.
And then walking away and looking at the phone and going, hilarious, like five feet away from him.
And he's just like, playing with the Queen of Hearts.
I guess I've become a piece of furniture in a cosmic game by God.
In an incredibly unique situation, he was just a celebrity for being on Trowell.
Also, hilariously, had no idea what he was supposed to do, why he was even called as a witness.
And then ended up, black people hated him, black people loved him, white people hated him, white people loved him.
He was on every side of every coin.
What's truly tragic about Cato is that he's one of the most likable people you'll ever fucking meet.
You can't not like Cato Kalem, because he's such a sweetheart.
And if you ever saw him around children, you'd be like, he's...
It sounds like you're talking about a terrier or something.
But he is like a terrier.
He has terrier-like energy, and he will entertain the world's children.
He just runs around the pool all day long, and people are like, can you please just babysit my children for the whole time?
Well, now you got us worried again.
It's not worrisome. He's not going to do anything bad.
I know, we're just programmed. When we hear the word children, we all think about fucking them.
So what's happened to us?
So what happened to you?
Hey, you ever not brush your teeth, and then you're like leaving, and then you're like, oh shit, I didn't brush my teeth.
And then you just drink something gross, like coffee.
Because you're like, well, my breath will be terrible, but then someone will think, oh, he drank coffee.
It's food for thought.
Food for nightmares.
It's like too far from the toothpaste. I'll just drink some gross coffee.
I'll just double down on being disgusting.
Well, they won't go, yeah, because it's somehow worse if you have a bad breath.
The bad part of your breath is your entrails.
I had a computer teacher in high school who was awesome.
She was so great, but boy, the coffee and cigarette breath combined to make something just...
I'm really phobic about it.
That's one of many reasons why I don't make eye contact when I'm talking to people.
I try to look at the floor, because you get a blast of bad breath in your face.
And also, no one's going to tell you. You don't know if you have bad breath.
No, why would you tell anybody?
Every once in a while, it happens, I'm on the receiving end of it, and I always think that poor person,
because they don't know why I just became 10% more aloof, because it's not like anyone ever goes,
you just smell it, and then you just pull spiritually back from the whole thing.
You kind of keep your head in the same place, but you just hate them, and slowly they just feel...
And that person doesn't know.
Sometimes you talk to somebody who has clinically bad breath.
People can have like, halitosis, they can have a bad thing.
Some people have that with their armpits, some people have that with their butts.
Everybody has that with their butts, by the way.
So it's something to think about. Get off your high horse.
Hashtag stinking is not a choice, and I will send $100 to the Red Cross.
I was in Variety. I was on the cover of Variety with Joel McHale this last week.
Yeah, a little dream come true. I got to mark this one off my non-hack version of a bucket list.
Was there a hilarious Variety headline with great abbreviations?
Well, it did say... I didn't get this for a really long time.
It said, it was a picture of me and Joel, and then it says,
imperfect harmony...
What's not to get there?
Well, because the I and the M and imperfect were in red, and then the perfect was in white.
That's needless.
For a long time, it was like, oh, imperfect harmony would be a phrase.
No one really...
So they were trying to italicize the M.
Yeah, it was more like, imperfect harmony.
Building on that old chestnut, perfect harmony.
Okay, that's a musical term, but I mean, I don't know.
But anyways, thank you for putting me on your cover.
I have some notes.
I'm sure whoever wrote that headline will agree with me that that was not their finest hour.
It sounds like a protracted meeting went on about that.
I just have some 19-year-old kid that has to sit in this cubicle, and he's like, Dan Harmon.
God, Dan it. Dan good time.
Don't just please the Harmon.
Michael's Navy Harmon?
Harmon, yeah. Irish Delight.
There's a paragraph in it that says,
Dan Harmon finishes his breakfast of peanut butter filled pretzels
before hopping on his Segway, which he purchased to conserve energy, dash his own.
That's a good lead.
I would continue reading that article.
That's not the opener.
That's how you start it. You start with that one.
This is the things I have no right to complain about.
If you write an article about me, here's the start of my complaint,
it would seem that if you don't mention my fat gut, you get fined by some kind of press union or something.
The last two, I was a Hollywood reporter, and it's his visible punch, his protruding punch, his pronounced punch,
bulges from beneath his sweater as he slovenly sucks up a bowl of skittles with downing globs of frog meat.
A timid slave clad Leia struggles against her chains as he gurgles his desires.
A language only worms could understand.
I know the battle of the sexes is over and the men won, and we don't have anything to complain about,
but man, you just don't see that in articles about female showrunners.
Just physical discoverer, calf muscles, could use some work, but you don't know how much hell you'd catch.
They're talking about writers, not actors.
That's what I'm saying. If we've described Shonda Rhimes in an article about her, do you know how much trouble you would get into
clinically scrutinizing her, giving a description of her?
I think that seems a bit harsh, but part of what's for sale, if someone's writing an article about you,
is the fact that you're willfully, you're just you, and part of that is a glass of fuck.
It's what you see. Part of what's for sale here is what you're looking at, what you're picking on.
Big fat nerd shit. The big shitty shit face waddles into the room with a shit coming out of his face.
It's going to be another hard day in the writer's room.
What do you think would have been different? Let's say, going back, same behavior, same attitudes towards authority.
If I looked like Steve Levitan, would it be different about the article?
No, no, no.
Do you think you would still have been fired for the same behavior if you were, like, super sexy?
No.
You wouldn't have been fired?
Nope.
You don't think so? Wouldn't have been more outrage if you...
I wouldn't have noticed it. If I took a shower every day and was passionate about my show, it wouldn't look like I was crazy.
It would look like I was awesome.
They'd be like, oh, I get it. He's like Zuckerman from college.
Zuckerman?
He was always mad into basketball, man.
He fucking got up every day, took a shower, and got fucking aggro on the court.
That's just, that's harming. He's like the Zuckerman.
Don't people want to take down really good-looking people, too, that are in positions of power?
Not the other good-looking people. That's all us ugly people, because we're looking at them on billboards.
I want to take those guys down.
Thanks, Jeff. Must have been hard for you to say.
It was the easiest thing I've said all night.
Queer.
You're good.
So anyways, I deserved better.
That's why you get fired. That's why you get fired.
It's your strange homophobia, for no reason.
It's your rampant homophobia.
Don't you want to talk about how to murder people with Spencer? Should we bring Spencer up?
Are you going to murder him?
No, no, I want to...
Oh, you want to find out how to murder somebody else?
Yeah, yeah, like...
All right. Spencer Quittenden!
Yeah.
Murder talk.
Murder talk with Spencer Quittenden.
It's time to talk how to kill a person with Spencer Quittenden.
Well, my dice got one side, my dice got two.
See? Nope, nope.
Well, you sat down, right? I thought that was...
I like to sit and rap.
Okay.
Yo!
I'm a sit-down rapper, and I'm here to say I'm not going to stand when I rap today.
I'm going to bend my knees and squat.
I'm a lazy rapper. That's what I got.
I'm a sit-down rapper, and I'm on the can, looking through the newspaper.
As fast as I can.
Terrible.
Look at those headlines.
Look at the vice president up to his old tricks again.
Sit-down rapper's the worst rapper.
Sit-down rapper's terrible.
Remember when you came in, you were DMX,
when you came from outside, the alleyway?
Yo, yo, no.
I don't care what you want.
Lazy rapper.
Sit-down rapper don't care about your needs.
Sit-down rapper doesn't care about your needs.
There's no such thing as a reason why you don't sit-down and rap.
We've proven that name another sit-down rapper.
No, no, no, no.
I don't do anything for anyone.
Sit-down rapper's concerned with the self.
Sit-down rapper rhymes self with shout.
Sit-down rapper doesn't give a shit.
Sit-down rapper's just living in it.
I see a piece of cake.
I see a piece of cookie.
I fucked your mama so hard, she wasn't looking.
No, no. Say no, no.
I had to come to an abrupt end.
I think we've proved that it's harder to sit-down and rap.
It's more easier.
You know what, I think you get more out of your little rap baby dance.
There's more energy in the little kicky-foot baby dance that you do.
What do you think, Spencer?
I think there's definitely a lot more energy in your kicky-foot baby dance.
Spencer, have you given any thought to getting away with a perfect murder?
Oh, I think we all have, Jeff.
The way you say that makes me think that you've thought about it just a little bit more.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
Of course, you have to fantasize about it only for academic reasons.
It's like thinking about jumping out of windows.
It's not like you're going to jump out of windows.
It's just you've got to think about it to know you're not going to do it.
I went through a whole phaser.
I watched forensic files in all those shows for like a million years.
I was unemployed, and I was on the Atkins diet,
and I would watch Colombo and Forensic Files and eat summer sausage and cheese
and just watch my bank account going from 12,000 to 11,000 to 10,000.
There was this clock that Milwaukee at 12,
like I thought I was going to move back to Milwaukee,
and they'd be like, hey, you were born here so you could watch dishes here?
No, that wouldn't have happened.
So I was in denial, I was just watching a lot of Forensic Files,
because I guess that's what happens when you're in a bad point in your career.
You watch intervention and murder shows because you're like, man, that person's fucked.
But what I learned from the Forensic Files thing is that basically,
if you really want to murder people and just never get caught.
You got to have a boat.
You just have a boat that you own and a harbormaster that is asleep at the wheel.
Yeah, and maybe I'm sure these days like the security cameras at the docks,
if they see you getting on a boat with someone that doesn't come back,
that's probably a big part of it now.
Excuse my burping, but yeah.
You burped a lot like Bob Durst burped when he was showing the handwriting.
I'm sure there's a couple of people that I have to catch up,
and it's just such a, you don't want to deny I'm a morsel.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Aw, there's a couple.
It's those little people I do this for.
Wait for the burping.
Teaser.
If I mentioned before, I was reading it as a newsweek,
like, I don't know, 15, 20 years ago.
And on the page like four or six or eight of newsweeks,
there's always like a bunch of quotes of the week.
And it was a, if I'm repeating myself in the podcast and forgive me,
but it was a LAPD homicide detective,
and they'd found a body or two buried up in Angela's National Forest.
That was like an unsolved crime or like a cold case or whatever.
And a reporter asked the detective,
this like seasoned, salty old homicide detective,
he said, do you think there's a lot of bodies buried up here?
And he said, please, if I asked every dead body out here to stand up,
it would look like Venice Beach.
He's like, this is where you go bury people.
And one of the dead bodies would have a turban and roller skates.
One of them would be spray-painted silver.
Woo! Woo! Woo!
One guy would have a sandcastle with a naked lady.
The rest of them would be drawing the other half of them.
Spencer, would you, would you, would you, okay,
so if you killed someone on accident.
Uh-huh.
I just, I'm going to assume if any of us killed someone on accident,
we wouldn't try to get away with it.
We would turn ourselves in. It was an accident.
Describe the accident, like a crime of passion or you accidentally...
That's not an accident.
Like, you got angry and pushed somebody and they fell over,
hit their head on a table and cut themselves open and bled to death.
The accident, or like, you hit them with a car by accident.
Like, you didn't see them and like...
Well, I guess either of those cases.
I want to get, I want to, I want to know,
I want to get us to a place where we killed somebody
and we want to try to get away with it.
Dan, this is conspiracy you're talking about.
We want to all talk about killing somebody.
Let's pick a specific person.
No, because obviously, you kind of bounce off of the thing.
I mean, if I were somehow, you know,
indirectly, like, responsible for someone's death,
I would immediately go, I would think to myself,
well, one thing's for sure, doing anything other than the honest,
confessional, like, immediate turn myself in thing
is just going to get me in trouble.
But I'm trying to think of like,
if I'm really in a place where I'm like, fuck man,
I'm going to get away with this murder.
If I cross the line, I know for me,
because you watch these things, you watch these shows,
and you watch people in interrogation rooms,
I think you have to be a certain kind of crazy
to get away with lying about it.
You have to be so cold in some way
that I don't think I could actually get away with dissembling about it.
I think that I would have to turn myself in
because I would never, ever get away with lying.
And I'm a professional liar.
I'm an actor. That's all we do for a living.
I don't think I could pull it off.
I would never be able to.
All that stuff, like the time and date stuff,
like all the cops ask you where were you then
and where were you now, and all that stuff.
I can't even get that stuff straight, like, in reality.
So I know if I killed somebody,
then I'd have to create this timeline.
That's the mistake, I think, right there. You don't do that.
If your story's down pat, I think a regular human being
doesn't know what they had for dinner last night
and doesn't know where they were.
Yeah, but you have to forget that you killed somebody.
You have to, like, leave that out of your, like, natural pattern.
There has to be this big block of, like,
not knowing a bunch of stuff.
So you have to fabricate stuff to fill that.
Okay, so you don't have a boat. You drive a Prius.
It's hard to get somebody into the back of your Prius.
A little of the city.
Yeah.
Spencer, you seem to have given us some idle thoughts.
What do you think?
Yeah, I mean, well, it all depends, right?
What are you, is it a crime of passion?
Are you planning this?
Do you have, like, a Rube Goldberg setup in your study?
Well, can we just say...
Why don't you pick one?
Let's say it's second degree. It's not first degree.
It's a second degree homicide.
Well, you've got to go, you know, you just do the old...
No, I read about recently
you could cook down a pack of cigarettes
into a nicotine paste,
put it on a doorknob,
and people touch it.
Nicotine goes into their bodies and kills them.
What?
Try one of those, maybe.
I don't know.
It was in an old, you know, military handbook, supposedly.
Kill someone with a pack of cigarettes.
I've heard it on forensic files or date lines
of people trying to nicotine poison people.
I never heard the doorknob.
They probably read that thing.
It's so volatile that you can touch it and it goes through your skin,
and not much nicotine does you in?
Yeah, well, I mean, it's a lot of nicotine.
I mean, if you took all of the nicotine
in a pack of cigarettes at once,
you'd be in bad shape.
It's like, thank you for smoking, you know,
I'm asking about, like,
just take my word for it.
You're in a situation where
there's a body on the floor of your home
and you
turning yourself in,
you've decided it's not an option.
Well, I'd hope there's no blood everywhere.
Well, I mean,
I'll leave it.
Let's say there's no blood.
But there is a 200-pound human being.
You just see he got a breaking bad that shit,
you know, with the...
the plastic tub and the acid.
You could get fucking acid, man.
You could get acid a Home Depot.
But then there's purchase...
there's records of these cameras.
Are you in Home Depot buying that shit?
You know, you find a hobo...
Hobo's talk, Spencer.
Hobos don't talk to nobody.
Well, hobos talk,
but if you watch Empire,
hobos only talk in cryptic, like, Egyptian riddles.
They're like threshold guardians
for police.
The one-eyed jack
crows at midnight.
Well, that's why it depends.
I mean, I'd hope if you were going to murder someone,
you put in the due diligence to, you know,
go cruising around parking lots
until you find parking lot without security cameras,
and then you cruise around
and find a Home Depot without cameras,
and then you go in and you use cash only
to buy muriatic acid.
I mean, we're talking about getting that way
with murder here. It's not just, oh, I killed someone.
Let me go find out the nearest Home Depot.
No, but now we're talking about first degree.
You thought about this before you killed the person.
We're talking about, oh, shit, I got a dead body.
I haven't scouted out every
camera-less Home Depot.
Well, it's a bad move to just randomly kill someone.
Well, you guys are going back and forth, though.
We finally got him to start talking
about how to get rid of the body.
Let's not distract him.
I want to know how to find a Home Depot
with no security cameras. This is where we start
to get into lawsuit territory.
It's all for educational purposes.
Anyone acting on this is not
doing anything we condone.
Okay, that's out of the way.
I mean, you wouldn't be able to know.
There's security cameras everywhere.
You know, you say that, but when we were in Texas,
I was finding awfully lots of
areas with no security cameras.
So I think it's doable.
I mean, maybe not in Cittiesburg,
Los Angeles.
Where are you going to go get muriatic acid
without a camera pointed right at your face
10 times? I mean, a lot of places.
I don't know. Ace Hardware
on High Street, for instance, maybe.
I don't know.
Yeah, so you're going to go acid in the tub.
Yeah, I mean, there's different ways to do it.
I mean, well, maybe
acid in the tub, or you do the little
like what the Mexican warlords are doing,
where you just burn them in like gas
in an oil drum, you know,
something like that.
That's fucking cold, man.
Well, you've got to get away with it.
That's the whole point. If you're not going to do it,
just go to the police.
We're always talking, we're always worried about handguns.
We're worried about nuclear power.
We're worried about the environment.
We're worried about all these things that we think are ticking down
to midnight.
Relatively,
at some point, someone might
invent just like a
disintegration ray
that you can just point at shit
and make disappear.
The entire justice system
is based on the fundamental
unspoken assumption that
you have to do certain things to cover up a crime.
What if people
start to figure out, like something that gets invented
that's like, oh, this handy-dandy
little doozy doodle?
It disintegrates matter.
It turns it back into atoms and
we're like, yay, garbage is going to go away.
But then, meanwhile, it's like,
yay, habeas corpus
is impossible.
If you can trace a firearm,
you should be able to trace the disintegration ray
way better.
You need some heavy bureaucracy.
I don't know, man.
I don't know if the founding fathers would have wanted that.
I think that
it's just pretty clear.
We can't even clone people, though.
If a disintegration ray shows up,
you can believe there's going to be some moratoriums
or something.
Yeah, no. We're going to be alarmed about it,
but I'm saying it's going to be a catastrophic thing.
We've had firearms, which are basically
just like a
screwdriver that can
throw baby screwdrivers at something.
It's like...
It's just a tool. It just happens to be
a very dangerous tool.
It's designed to put
holes in people, which tends to kill them.
And that's a big deal,
and that's been around for 300 or more years
and we're still trying to figure it out,
but there was a day when that shit got invented.
No, I take that back.
There wasn't a day when that shit got invented,
and it was back when we were pretty barbaric
as a people anyway.
The first guns were just like
extra-fast arrows.
Why deal with the length of an arrow
when you can shorten it down to an arrowlet?
Now with smoke.
But
next Wednesday, someone at MIT
could go, hey, I invented a wand
that you tap your dog with and it disappears.
Probably not. Probably not.
It probably requires more
the difficulty that I'm thinking.
I think you can do the science, like the conservation of energy
and stuff like that. It would be hard to just eliminate something completely.
I mean, don't worry about that.
That's not really...
That's all I worry about.
Oh, by the way, I got to meet
and be on stage with Professor Brian Cox,
the Infinite Monkey Cage,
a physicist from CERN,
from the Large Hadron Collider.
And we were talking, and I was telling him
my ghost stories and my 9-11 dream,
and he proved
that ghosts can't exist
because of the second law of
thermodynamics, and that...
Which is no ghosts.
More or less.
And then that my dream,
my one and only panic attack
at the exact moment
that the second plane hit
the building, was simply
a non-zero sum coincidence.
It was just simply like,
he goes, how many dreams do you have a night?
How many do you remember as it loads?
And he goes, it's statistically
inevitable that they resemble
things that happen.
It's a number larger than zero.
It's never a zero.
And in a way that made me feel like
I was kind of liberating.
What do you think about the end of the universe?
And he said it's just going to cool off
and it's just going to hit a uniform, cool temperature
and then that will be that.
So there's a million versions of us.
There's infinite versions of us,
but there's only one version of this.
There's only one version of what's happening right now.
And we get one shot at it,
and when it's over, that's the end of it.
And I thought that's kind of lovable.
It's going to cool off into what?
Into a cool room temperature.
A cool room temperature.
Space will have a
very low cold temperature
and that will be that.
Even black holes will die.
Everything will die.
I'm not going to die.
Your scientist friend forgot about one thing.
The power of rock and roll.
Rock and roll.
Yeah.
Rock and roll is here to stay.
That was so fucking rock, man.
That was so rock it was rap.
You can't cool that off.
That doesn't matter how much entropy
there is in the universe.
That's something my gut tells me.
Which speaks louder than a lot of voices.
Just ask the press.
His prodigious
fucking fat
inner tube of a gut
ripples as he
explains that
he's
the victim of...
You don't have the rippling kind of gut.
You have that kind of ex-football coach.
Very firm.
It would sound like a watermelon.
Give me a thump on mic.
Put it on mic.
It's not a jiggler.
It's a thumper.
It looks like a thumper.
Yeah, it's nice.
It doesn't jiggle.
It just resonates like a tom-tom.
It's like a sea otter.
It's for breaking open clams.
Because I swim on my back.
I don't like to go into the pool,
but when I do I like to float on my back.
And then my belly
is just above water.
It gets red.
Are you very buoyant when you're in the pool?
Are you super buoyant?
My torso is buoyant.
My legs sink. I can never do the full float thing.
Well, my legs kind of...
They bend at the knees down underneath me.
But this baby...
It's like...
You know...
How many...
I was trying to think of...
How many masonry blocks do you think I would have to tie to you
when I drop you
just off of Catalina Island?
I don't know. Just one.
Oh, no, it's more than that, baby.
It's more than that.
You're a five-blocker all the way.
Let me make sure I didn't put
anything else in my pad.
One more week.
I got one more week of this craziness.
I should be obviously working right now,
but I made a commitment a long time ago
to keep doing this show, even if it ruins community.
We're...
You're supposed to be shooting the finale tomorrow. There's no script.
But luckily,
I'm so far behind schedule
that they do have a bunch of stuff they need to still shoot
in the last episode. So I'm like,
well, tomorrow, Schrab was tweeting at me.
He started up with the... Is he directing it?
Yeah. So he's Schrabbing out.
He tweeted at me.
What's my episode about?
Like on Twitter to call me out.
That's not Schrabbing. That's just a worried director.
That's a professional thing.
What am I shooting tomorrow morning?
If you delivered the script and then he was like,
but what am I shooting tomorrow?
That'd be Schrabbing.
What's the show called?
Has there been an episode
so far that was delivered on time yet?
Like, haven't you always been kind of under the...
Yeah, no. Not in terms of...
No, no.
I mean, in terms of giving it to Yahoo,
so they could put it on the line.
Yeah, they've all been on time.
But not like a table read.
No, nothing has been on time since the beginning.
Nothing.
We started on schedule
and then we did a table read of the first episode
and everyone was like,
yeah, that's great.
Here's our nine notes.
Pretty heavy duty notes
because I looked at the episode
and I was like, this is a piece of shit.
That's why everyone has all these notes and this is garbage.
I spent the next three weeks
which are supposed to be spent doing the next three episodes,
rewriting the first episode.
I really liked that episode. That was great.
Yeah.
And then you're just behind schedule forever.
You're just behind schedule forever.
What was the whole order? How many episodes?
13.
And so you're on the homestretch?
Yeah, one more. Tomorrow is the first of the last five days.
And so you made an agreement with yourself
that you would do what in a week? Just be done.
You would have it written?
No, he made an agreement that he'd let
Harmontown ruin community.
I wasn't going to cancel shows at Meltdown
because I get it right.
That's going to be the case every week
or whatever.
This is two and a half hours out of you.
Yeah, exactly. You could spend this researching.
How much Minecraft have you played this week?
How many hours of Minecraft?
I pack it in where I can.
I don't know.
Ballpark it.
I can't ballpark it. I don't know.
You just can't say because Yahoo is listening right now.
No, it's not. I don't play it instead of working.
I play it whenever I possibly can.
So I have no idea what that number is.
Like, I work...
Whenever you possibly couldn't be working.
What?
Like, you're saying that
you're using some sort of free time
when you can't be working.
Yes, yes. So I send pages
down to the set and I'm like,
okay, it's going to take like three hours to shoot that.
So then I'm like,
yeah, Minecraft.
And then they're like, they're almost done shooting.
What happens in the next scene?
And I'm like, oh, fuck.
Annie kisses Abba.
That'll keep them going.
Minecraft!
You sure it's like Tootsie.
Yeah, but it's turning out fine.
That's great. Tootsie's a good movie.
No.
Tootsie's a good movie.
It's one crazy hospital.
No, it's not...
It's too hard and painful to explain.
How are you holding up physically and mentally?
Look at me.
Mentally, I'm fine.
How would variety describe your physical state?
But it's one more week.
You know, it was really nice.
People liked the first two episodes.
They tweeted nice things.
So that lifted me up and made me extra nervous
about the rest of them.
We could pull through.
There's a couple in the middle.
But then again, I thought this about the first two.
There's still a couple in the middle.
I'm like, well, let's not pat ourselves
with the back just yet.
Because I don't remember what was going on.
There was something about...
There's some episodes that are just like,
I did it on a chicken.
It gets...
There's some shit
that happened in the middle
where I was trying to catch up
by going like, okay, just...
The line producers are like, yeah,
but what do they shoot tomorrow?
I'm like, look, just calm down.
Give me a bullwhip and a chicken.
I tried to bluff them
and act like I have a plan.
All I need is Annie and a bullwhip and a chicken
and a room painted blue.
It's a big deal, but it's not.
That's very showbiz, man.
This should be pretty good.
If it's not, you know, fire me.
Are you going to follow through with that?
Camera takes.
Dan Harmon dares Yahoo to fire him.
That woman that we met
with the spinal deterioration
in Austin, are you going to
put her in there?
I have put Annie in touch
with the wardrobe department.
You put her physically in touch with them?
I go, yeah.
Twitterly in touch.
The wardrobe supervisor has a Twitter account
and I hooked him up on there
and then I explained to the department
the situation, which is that
Annie has to be dressed a certain way
for the finale.
And they don't care about that?
Yeah, they don't care.
I love it.
I don't care about the show.
What's the bullwhip chicken episode about?
Can you spoil the bullwhip chicken scene for us?
No, I was using placeholders.
Because if I said the real things, it would be like,
really?
I can't say the real things.
Those are placeholders for actual things
that you made up as placeholders.
Well, kind of, yeah.
Yeah.
You like improvisation
except you're not supposed to be.
Yeah, I'm not supposed to be making things up.
And then the thing that kills me
is that everyone underneath me who's like,
well, if you would give me a script with two days' notice,
I'd be able to make the best
chicken for you.
Or the best bullwhip.
But then they get it an hour
before we shoot and they're like, okay,
I guess I'll have
my cousin run out
and buy a shitty bullwhip
on Hollywood Boulevard.
I make them look bad.
That's why I'm fired.
Fire myself.
Nobody left to fire me.
Harmon, you're fired.
So do you feel like you owe it to us
or as a story structure person
to get fired a third time off a show?
Yeah, but it should be me.
That's the third act. I fire myself.
Harmon, you're fired.
I'm fired? I quit.
No, you're fired.
Turns out, that's the same thing.
Yeah.
Firing yourself is quitting.
Because we need somebody
who's got to be responsible.
And I've come to terms with the fact
that I'm just too talented to do anything.
Do you foresee in the future
like you working for a big major network
and major corporation again?
I foresee myself under a bridge
eating Aaron's leg.
Because I tricked her into
killing the weakest dog while I came up behind her
with a bowling pin
in Philadelphia
or somewhere where he read in the paper
has no taxes.
I'm picking crystal meth out of my beard
and making videos
about fucking Rupert Murdoch.
If you want to know how I picture my future
follow
Evie Quaid
on Twitter.
How many followers are they up to?
It's got to be less than 400.
That's amazing to me. No one else is interested in this.
It really is.
I posted a link on the Twitter
and I was like, this is the most important thing
in the world right now.
But this is Randy Quaid and his wife, right?
Yeah, they're fucking the dogs going off.
It's pretty great.
They continue to issue communiques and things like that.
In Canada, Hillary Clinton took their passport.
What do you call it?
They're not ex-patriots.
They're D-patriots or something.
They're fugitives.
Yeah, they can't get back into America
and they're sitting there.
It's a story that makes you...
I think incredibly in love
is just like the greatest love story in the world.
They better be.
I feel like they do have a very healthy relationship
as relationships go.
I mean, I don't know
of making YouTube videos of having sex
with your wife wearing a mask
of Robert Murdoch
is necessarily a healthy relationship practice.
Unless you're both smiling
while you're doing it.
He's not like, you're wearing it wrong
and she's not like, you're fucking me wrong.
They're both on the same page.
That's hard.
I'll take that over.
If you're wearing a mask
while you're fucking,
do you think you're smiling while you're wearing that?
Or do you let the mask do the talking?
When I worked at Disneyland...
I asked all the Goofies
all the Mickey's, all the Minis,
all the chips and dales.
People smile, you're smiling for a picture.
Are you smiling behind the mask?
No, you do that for the first couple of days.
It takes days.
When you hear a smile, we smile.
At the end of the day, your face hurts,
you're tired and you're hot and you're sweaty
and you're in pain and the nuts.
There's nothing to smile about.
After a while, this will not work for the podcast,
but on camera, you ask any Goofy,
if you ever meet anybody that's a costume character
at a major theme park,
ask them what they look like when they're taking photos
and it's just...
It's super,
super joyless and sad.
I would like to think that she is smiling
while wearing the Rupert Murdoch mask.
Also, why is there a Rupert Murdoch mask?
Because it's my first question.
You've got to watch this movie, man.
They made it, clearly, out of some magazine.
Oh, it's not like they didn't get a nice latex.
I think they printed it.
Off the internet.
It's a piece of paper with eyes cut out.
There's a lot of stuff about it that if you want to let it,
it will make you very sad.
However,
as a person who's going to couples therapy
and is in love with his wife
and learning how the delicate art
of making a relationship work
between two people,
these guys have been...
They've been a healthy couple
for like 20 years.
This word, healthy, I don't think it follows.
I mean, just because they aren't mad at each other
doesn't make it a healthy relationship.
It's just...
Well, that's true, but Bonnie and Clyde had fights
between bank robberies,
but their bank robbery didn't make them unhealthy.
If Bonnie and Clyde robbed your bank
as they were leaving...
You lost that guy.
That was you, madam, or sir, or whatever that was.
If Bonnie and Clyde robbed your bank...
I think the bank robbery is the first sign of unhealthiness.
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
How can we not make this differentiation here?
If a couple murders your dog
and they're both like,
sweetie, get the tail.
It's not healthy.
And then the cops go,
could you describe the couple that murdered your dog?
I'd be like, well, they were very healthy.
Like, they got along.
They were on the same team.
Some said they got along so well
that they murdered my dog.
Yeah, and I would want the cops to catch this couple.
I'd be like, I hope you give them the electric chair.
And because I want you to catch them,
I want you to take this unique descriptor with you
so you recognize them at Grand Central Station.
They get along great.
They're very much in love.
Don't bother
wasting your time.
Wouldn't a healthy spouse
deter the other one from
killing a dog and robbing a bank?
I don't know.
As a healthy
spouse or
significant other,
you would want the person to not do things that would land you in jail?
Also, if Copernicus's wife had been like,
why don't you stop redesigning
the solar system?
Is that a healthy
relationship?
You're equating redesigning the solar system
with killing your dog?
Yes, I am.
People are cutting up bodies and all this stuff.
Again, I hate to beat a dead horse,
but
or take the horse.
But again,
there's people in the courtroom that go like,
and then you know what he did?
He took a saw
and he cut the arm off
and then he cut the body open
and he took the liver and he put it in a bag
and I'm like, sounds like a doctor!
I've been saying this for years!
These people need to be watched!
What are you saying?
The suspect is not a doctor.
The doctors are all suspects because they know how to cut people off.
I'm saying, as I've said before,
the difference between a doctor and a serial killer
is a support system.
It's just money, that's it.
But doctors don't cut up alive or
they don't kill a person.
Yes, they do! They totally don't cut up alive people.
I cut them, I got them!
A doctor doesn't go to Home Depot
and buy a bow saw.
They don't have to!
They're supported, they're licensed.
The guy, the murderer, wouldn't have done it
if he had a gun, but that's when the cops are like,
I can't believe he did that.
I'm like, man, what would you do if you weren't a cop
and you had to get rid of a body?
A cop can just dump them off on the curb
and call his cop friend.
I got another one.
I'm Southern because I'm a cop.
That's my cop character.
I wasn't going to weigh in exactly
where your lawyer character was from.
I'm just saying.
Little Jewish, little Jewish.
Wait, who was Jewish?
The lawyer was Jewish?
Your lawyer character, little...
Little Jewish.
He took the arm and he's like, okay, all right.
This is a reason to do things to people.
This is the way to treat a mother?
All right, I'll cop to that.
Okay, I let the magma
of pre-existing anti-Semitism,
of which we are all apart,
you're more guilty than I am in that sense.
And it seeped up into my lawyer,
my improvised lawyer character.
He was a little Jewish.
A little stereotypical Jewish.
You went a little Lucas on that one.
Little George Lucas.
On my planet, there is much honor
and noodles
and no silverware.
Can you figure out
what I'm talking about?
We are much diso...
9-Eleven!
Did we come to a consensus on what we do?
The wish thing was stupid, right?
9-Eleven song!
9-Eleven song?
It's a song.
It's a song?
So far, so good with the 9-Eleven song.
You had Trent Reznor when I did it.
Oh, boy.
Let's do a 9-Eleven song,
and let's try this one.
Is this too on the nose?
Should I go a little weirder with it?
That sounds like an actual 9-Eleven song.
Oh, it's one of those dirge-type songs.
Hardy har har.
Alright. Okay, here we go.
Terrarism ain't no good.
Yo, I just try to do mine
I try to do me in mind
To the break of time
I got the up to do
The diggle to the dawn
Fucked your mama on the front lawn
I look up in the air
I see nations under attack
Yo, you gotta take that back
With just 250 million people
Trying to cool it out
You gotta get the hell out
El Cater
A shamer
Good enough
Thank you
This guy's really good
I don't care what you think
Thank you
I've always had you back
I know
He's a good person
Yeah
9-Eleven
Don't do it again
It's not that funny
It's time to feel bad
I want to know more about this
R&B singer guy
Oh, baby
Coming on strong
My name is Alexander
Alexander
Du-Flicky
Alexander Du-Flicky and I
Used to go to college back in 99
We were on the same team
Rowing, right?
Rowing, yeah
Used to row down the river
Beat those Harvard boats
We beat Stanford too
What's Stanford there?
I think they're in California
I don't know
We were so far ahead
All I knew was I row
I kept rowin' and I kept them all rowin'
Put your paddles in the water
Go as fast as you know when goin'
Past the bell tower
Oops, song ran out
Sorry, that's good
Thank you
So you met Alexander Du-Flicky
in the rowing team
Was that an instant friendship?
Were you guys friends from the beginning?
There was a lot of contention at first
Because of course, just like best friends
did you ever see Monsters, Inc. too?
The way that they met
They were not good friends to begin with
That's the way you are
in the postquel
You better believe in the...
Were you reunited with Alexander Du-Flicky?
Was he a successful R&B singer?
Or did you rescue him from obscurity?
No, neither of us were
even hooked into the R&B scene
You know what I'm sayin'?
But it's like my passion for rowing
as it started to
stop equating with
the ability
to outrow people
physically
What we noticed is that
Alexander's ability to call me forward
bring the best out of me
spiritually, psychically
It lent itself more to the
hip-hop scene than to rowing
where we were losing consistently
If you listen to my lyrics
what you'll find in my heart is that
I'm not that good a rapper
that's not rowing a boat
and Alexander's always been
good at telling me what to do
and that I'm doing good
He's an encourager
What's it called? The coxswain?
The coxswain?
Was he the coxswain?
Yeah, he was the coxswain
They call him the coxswain?
Swain?
Coxswain
It's called coxswain
Boatswain is both
a gun
a gun soul as a gunnel
They shorten things
I'm surprised that you wouldn't know
all this rowing
terminology
I was a scholarship student personally
I was there trying to do my best
turned my family around
What was the school again? I'm sorry
This was University of Georgia
What was your major again?
Notre Dame
You majored in Notre Dame?
Yeah
Because they have a pretty famous
Notre Dame study of school there
at the University of Georgia
You learn all about it
I couldn't get into Notre Dame originally
and then this program came up and said
you could get a scholarship
My family, none of them ever went to school
so the pressure was on
I had to do right, represent my family
we had dealt with in the street
had to turn it around
Did you graduate knowing a lot about Notre Dame?
I dropped out eventually
the studies were more difficult
than rapping
and rowing
I was spending most of my time rowing
and they asked me not to
study more about Notre Dame
but I was also
very focused on rowing
and I said please let me focus on this
and they said okay
and I was like okay
and then I started to get more interested in rapping
because the rowing was not working out
Was there a big fall and that was you and Alexander
at some point?
You know we are
Alexander Duflicki, I didn't realize that you were here
with us
Every friendship has its ups and downs
Yeah, but you know we do
alright
It was one town
we went through a phase where we were living together
in the same apartment
one bedroom
we only had two plates for the macaroni
he would leave his
out, he leave his macaroni
plate out on the coffee table
Yeah, but you would too
Yeah, but two times two
don't make up for what you do
That's true
You guys do seem to complement each other pretty well
Yeah, well you get through
something like that and it's like
you're good
in a healthy relationship with you guys
Yeah, well you got married
No, that was my salvation
That mean my better half
Don't want this to ever stop
We have the worst podcast
Why are you here?
Why are there nine cameras?
Why are people allowed to spend money
and buy us a script
It is terrible, it's awful
It's so irresponsible
Or is it so responsible
that it seems irresponsible
I don't want to be in another one
I just keep thinking
I keep watching it through Lance Bang's eyes
because he's here tonight and I brought his kids
and he's funny
and smart and interesting
and lives in Portland and stuff
and I can't imagine
him enjoying this
but I'm not fishing for
he probably left a long time ago
after I talked about it
Who is this? I'm sorry, I don't know
He's just a friend of ours
I would call him Comedy Royalty
He's a comedy director
He's done a lot of music video
work
All the people who you would be
Lance Lee?
He's probably shy also
even if he was here
Did he come up to you?
Just chat for a second
He's an older soul than me
Discretion is the better part of Valor
I think
He's with his kids
in the comic book store explaining
to them why dismemberment
is not funny
and they're like we know why it's not funny
we were in the same show you were
That point was made
very clear
He has wonderful kids
He has a very healthy relationship with them
a little brunch with them in Portland
He's out killing dogs and robbing banks
It's one of those dads
one of those families that makes you want to have kids right away
because it's like they're perfectly cool
and they're honest with their kids
nobody's like
that weird
toxin
It's not like the spoiled LA parents
you see where it's like the parent is the best friend
of the kid and it's not that either
when you witness
transparency in a family
it's always inspiring
I could do this, I could try this
That's where the word parent comes from
Parent from transparency
That's Latin
Look it up
Spencer
Oh
Speaking of horrible things
Hey
I'll take it from here I guess
What's burning your crop
Give us Spencer's
Spencer
What's burning your boots lately
What's chappin' your hide
What's a B in your bonnet
A P in your blanket
A bat in my bill free
Thank you
Do you have a bugbear
that's currently haunting you right now?
No
So I listen to NPR
I think it's great, I think everyone should listen to NPR
But sometimes
you listen to these stories
and they try and put too cute of a button
on the end of their stories
I can't think of any good examples
like
I don't know
There'd be a story about
a goose who lost his sight
and they'd end the story with
No, it was about a goose
and then they restored it's sight
because chemicals got thrown on it
But then they'd be like
But for one goose in Portland
he will have a gander
I'm Nancy Klein
in PR news
And it's like so many
they're trying so hard
I can't think of any good ones
That one's pretty hard to avoid
If you're writing that story
you have to
You listen to NPR and they're like
Okay, that's NPR
Thanks for your money
It's public
We'll be right back
after a word from
these strangers
The John Q and James L. White Foundation
Don't forget, but sometimes it's just
out and out
but they just make it sound NPR-ish
but it's like getting really close to
Radio Lab is made possible
by some of money
by the Colgate Toothpaste
people
Colgate Toothpaste is an interesting new way
of brushing your teeth
This is a commercial for a thing
It's true
The public radio
failed in America
They had to cave
to corporate interests
There should be
a very small portion
of what we call a lot of
collective revenue
You could keep a lot of cool shit going
That's my feeling about that
In Britain, you know, the government pays
for all that shit
They have crazy awesome radio stations out there
Other TV shows are kind of like
Well, not all their TV shows
We fetishize British TV because we see
the really, really interesting cool shit
that breaks on our shores
Talking to Brian Cox, I only saw the shows
to the physicists, Brian
We see Wonders of the Universe
But there's way better shows that don't air out here
We just don't get them
Their TV sounds so much more interesting
if you're into science shows
The flip side of it is
if you're going to admire anything about America
you've got to admire our commitment
to capitalism because
the money
drives so many interesting things
Everything that's heightened is so heightened
because of money
The idea that you could have a show like Cheers
The idea that television could be the cornerstone
of all culture, which is neither good nor bad
but is a thing
The idea of the television show lasting 10 years
and being a part of your life and your children's life
That is the opposite side of the coin
of like in Europe
When they started doing TV
they looked at it like a
kind of a civic thing
They looked at it the way we look at cable access
and they're like, you should...
Okay, everybody take turns making a TV show
that has something to do with keeping England better
and there's still some kind of
there's still a little bit of that juice
behind their TV industry
whereas with us it's just like
Fuck you, man
What am I talking about?
Stick your head up your ass more
I got invited to go
to the LHC
the Large Hadron Collider and go check it out
which I'm very excited about
They're turning it on soon
so I won't be able to see it while it's on
I'm going to die
That thing's going to make a dragon
I sat there and said, explain to me
I know a little bit about the Higgs Bosun
and what not like
like explaining the Higgs thing and he just
he broke it down for me and started talking
space-time and like explaining space-time to me
and I have no idea what he was talking about
but it was fascinating and I felt very cool
and then he went outside and there were stars out
and I go, what's that?
I wish I could do his accent because he's very charming
kind of a soft Manchester accent
and he's like, that's Jupiter
I go, why don't planets twinkle?
and he explained why
I was like, I'm going to make out with this guy
right now
I'm going to start gazing with Professor Cox
because it's very good
he's so charming
you know
I hit a guy on the show, one of the guests
I played the theme song that Eric Eile had written
and I got to play music on the live
like the radio broadcast
and one of the guests was
the cat that created Chichurama
his name I forget
and he's into science
and I won't remember if you say it
you won't remember Matt Crainig's name?
no no
one of the producers on it I guess
someone said David X Cohen
I won't remember his name
but he was very good and they were talking about
science stuff
they would make up science
and change science
it's a cartoon
we have to get to the planet, it's 500 light years away
you realize it's traveling the speed of light
it would still take 500 years to get to the guest
but we sped up the speed of light
and the crowd kind of chuckled
and then Brian Cox was like
no no that's wrong, you want to slow down the speed of light
the speed of light we're 30 miles an hour we could all get there
and the crowd cheered
everybody goes
yeah fucking science
I still doesn't make any sense to me
I love that
if you want to see some science fiction
that really makes sense you should check out this
movie I just saw
called The Astronaut in the Bookcase
colon interstellar
it's based on a novel
The Astronaut in the Bookcase by Sapphire
it's like
it's a goodie
not the sequel to
have I sat
through people in space
Professor Cox said he liked it because the science was all right
I'm sure it was, it seemed pretty right to me
Jesus Christ man
not good, you didn't dig it
I was not into it
I've not seen it so I can't
Spencer have you seen interstellar?
No, is that that Christopher Nolan guy?
Dan doesn't seem to like his films
No I do, I do
I'm actually confident enough to say
okay come on I'm letting that one over the plate
like
if Tarantino or the Coen brothers made a movie
that was like
I think Christopher Nolan's talent and value
was dull or dreary
this is the story
we're finding out time and time again that Christopher Nolan is a brilliant director
who desperately needs
a quality screenplay to be placed in his hands
before he starts shooting
because otherwise it's going to be like
you're going to be watching something that's really beautiful
and you're going to
two hours through it be like
why?
Did you like her?
I loved her
I just didn't want to
well that's a great, I mean if you read that script
you'd be like riveted the entire time you're reading the script
that's a sci-fi movie
if you read the script for interstellar you would not be a page turner
you would be like
it's 20 pages and he's still
what do you mean it looks
like a smeared bookcase
oh it's back to
oh he's the reason why
the watch?
fuck you
dumb
I mean I
I imagine that would be astounding if when those
things were happening in the first two acts I wasn't constantly going
what?
then it would be
amazing that it all came back to the thing
that made you go what the fuck
what?
some guy will be walking down the street
man sure is hard living on earth
and the apocalypse is all dry
gooboo gooboo gooboo
wow
what the hell?
what was that?
some kind of silver entity
just said gooboo gooboo gooboo
and then flew into the sun
three hours later
whoa I'm changing
something
a gooboo gooboo gooboo gooboo
whoa there I am
that's me over there
a gooboo gooboo gooboo
oh I get it
oh wow
that's why the movie was
stupid
cause of me
bye
credits
it's the way that she used
let's bring out DeMorge Brown
to play some shadowruns shall we
DeMorge are you here?
I heard the wrong goddamn song
DeMorge are you with us?
oh yeah
DeMorge Brown
what's up DeMorge?
how are you doing? I'm doing alright
I like your green sleeves
you know
I'm a Dartmouth guy so I wear Dartmouth green
how's your arsenal doing?
Arsenal won yesterday they did very well
not so good in the international stuff
but good in the international stuff
you guys are into March Madness
this is English soccer teams
DeMorge might be the biggest Arsenal fan
I've ever met in my life
I know a couple hard
what's the cat's name
it's kind of like a Filipino looking dude
it goes to the drawing room but he knows you
that's his name I can never remember
he knows you he loves Arsenal
I'm scared right now
apparently he knows you quite well
but I can't think of his name
he's always standing over your shoulder
with a pair of scissors
and a marathon
number on a bloody
tank top
and he's screaming something
a warning about something
but I can't and then
I'll find out
what's on your mind
what's new in your life DeMorge
let's catch up with you for a moment
alright that was good
let's play shadow
I don't want to say this though
is there a new trend in retail
that people have to greet you
if you're not looking at them
they have to say hi how are you sir
welcome thank you for being here
I've heard that complaint
with increasing frequency
I ignore people
like this is an alarming rate
now it's like three or four people
I'll just go shopping for something
I know what I'm looking for I know where it is
I go in I go find it
I'll walk in the door and there'll be this voice behind me
it's kind of like how are you doing sir
and I would turn around and look
but it's so faint that it's a
I'm hearing more stories about confrontations
with these people because they're hired
and they do a certain thing
and it's not just old people at a Walmart anymore
it's now it's like a 35 year old person
who's been told that they have a certain
activity log
and they're starting to get aggressive
Aaron told me
I'm not joking either
and when I leave
why do you have to say be well sir
or some weird shit
but they're like
actually Aaron was telling me a slightly different story
because at that pet pet pet store
is it Petco?
Pet Smart
there's people that they'll just
let wander around the aisles that are like
shilling a specific brand of cat food
or dog food
and those people like
they're really aggressive and weird
and like Aaron got stalked by one
oh and there was a container store lady
that Aaron had another story about this
obviously Aaron is the person of the couple
who goes out into the world
and she brings these stories back
and in France or like here in Italy
people say bonjourno
everyone you pass says good day
and in France, good day
everyone says bonjour, wherever you go
and it's just a thing, you say bonjour
and you walk into a store
you say bonjour to the person that works there
when you leave you say merci and that's it
but it's kind of rude to not do that
which is fine because that's just kind of par for the chorus
but I was in a hotel in San Antonio, Texas
where I wanted to kill people out of kindness
because it was like every 10 steps
you couldn't go 10 steps in that hotel
with every fucking person
bidding you good day and it's like that's too much
and most people don't want to talk to other people
yeah also like you said
if I'm looking forward, if I'm going places
like if it's eye contact
if it's eye contact and I see you
and we pass each other you go hey, howdy
fine, deal
but you keep hearing it over your shoulder
right Aaron, you cannot manufacture happiness
that's what I'm telling you
I keep hitting the goddamn thing
well can I tell you two sad things before
we start Shadowrun
that are
like Aaron's not here, she's going to take care of Nigel
our grief dog
your grief dog?
yeah
and then Curtis is not here
which is tied to
and I haven't even checked up on it
since he told me about it
I asked him if he was coming to the show
last week we were in Austin
and he
was like I'm so
conflicted because it's like well why
create the awareness of something that you're
blissfully unaware of if you're unaware of it
but at the same time it almost feels
strange with our new friend he's like going
through this like dark dark thing
like we were talking to Curtis he hosts that show
with Bobby Carradine
and Bobby Carradine was just in this terrible
terrible car accident
the last I looked he's in
critical condition which I assumed
I googled his name
and unfortunately and I never
if I could have clicked an off button
an option I would not
have seen the car
you know
I saw the car
that he crashed in
and it can't possibly be
good
you might call it critical I think someone already
took care of that job
so Curtis is like
you know that's a good friend of his
and he was like he wanted to come
and hang out with us but his life is
like topsy-turvy like he's
going through a little we just met him
and just made good friends with him really fast
but it's just as he's going through this
like intensely dark
tunnel so I hope he comes back
and on the off chance he's listening
our thoughts and prayers are with
you and your folks and
that's it I don't know
I just wanted to say
is Bobby right?
is he ever's father ever carried him?
I don't know
she's a friend
she's great too
very talented family
so random
it's like
whatever
good job Dan you did it
whatever you were saying
let's reach out to Curtis
I don't know about you guys
I fell in love with that guy
it was amazing
thank you
maybe that's why
it was enough for me to work with him on
acceptable TV that one morning
it was enough
I was really taken with him at that point
because he was so professionally came in
and he was like
maybe that's why I brought it up is because
I feel so much affection for the guy
and I felt like the audience did too
and I wanted them to know
that he actually
felt the exact same way
it wasn't like a bit
like it was with LeVar Burton
who just
shot through our world like a meteor
and charmed us and
is apparently on to bigger and better things
but
Curtis really really enjoys
his time here and wants to come back
and stuff and is just going through
yeah he hugged me one time or a couple times actually
and it made me feel quite special
alright it's a rare person
2012 dude
that's a really good Curtis Arstow
wow
he didn't think so
I think he did
well he said he didn't
alright Spencer do you want to
get us up to speed?
so Aaron's not here
and then we're shot so
is there a talent you want to recruit or
we could recruit a talent
should we get a mercy what's her name
Mercy O'Donnell
what's your name right there in front
pardon Celia
welcome to the stage Celia is going to play Mercy O'Donnell
for us
you're breaking my heart
you're shaking my confidence
daily
oh Celia
go on to the next one
I'm down on my knees
I'm begging you please to go
he's begging you to come home he's done
thank you for loving the afternoon
I was like go on to the next one
we're allowed to sing
almost an entire salmon and garfunkel song
but I have to play crap
unlicensed
I sang another thing earlier
I'm sure we'll get flagged on YouTube
I'm counting on me being off-key
I don't think their algorithm
bots will detect it
Celia?
you're from LA?
what high school did you go to?
I went to Milken it was a Jewish high school
why did you say that was such a distaste?
I don't know
well her teachers are constantly singing about how they wanted to fuck her
I'm in college now though
I'm in Brown in Rhode Island
oh good for you
cognitive neuroscience
what does that mean
precisely?
it's like between psych
and like neuro
so you're not a neurologist
but you know about the neurology aspects
like the psychology
of knowing what the brain is doing
is it dream science?
no it's more like
they go over memory
and then what the actual neuro parts
of what neurons are doing
it almost sounds like you have an out
no matter what
if somebody comes to you with a problem
and you can go like that's cognitive
and then someone else comes here
and you're like that's just the way your brain is
real quick
what's the A genesis of the corpus callosum?
I don't know
the O genesis
the A genesis of the corpus callosum
I don't know what A genesis is
I know what the corpus callosum is
what's the corpus callosum?
the part in your brain that separates the hemispheres
the A genesis means it never forms
you get like a lot of crazy
autistic
or like rain men
people that they sever the corpus callosum
for people with seizures
they have to sever the corpus callosum
because it helps their seizures
and you like
they get like those types of symptoms
alright you passed, silly everybody
alright Spencer
we have a very smart
gal up on stage right now
that guy that had that rod blow up
through his brain
I saw that in a show about
he was like
the old west times or something
he had like a thing blow up through his
Phineas cage
and his
I think they separated his left and right brain
I don't know that's when they started learning about the left brain
he can pulse this from crossing over
I know if you have a daughter
you and Erin want to name her Paloma
but if you have a boy can it please be Phineas
Erin will ultimately
you know she can
or A genesis
A genesis
I don't know if any of my kid A genesis
alright Spencer
get us up to speed please
alright
this Harmontown recap was written
oh brother
oh sorry oh god I'm sorry
I thought that you were
and by Warby Parker
no okay
last time on shadow run
wait who was it written by I'm sorry you were trying to give them credit
I was trying
let's be safe
let's be safe and he sure wrote it
for the last one too
okay
last time on shadow run time
Mercy O'Donnell and Jim Nightblade
through deception and cunning
had pinpointed Baldwin Brown
they found him sleeping in the basement
of his associate Jesse Yellowman
upon receiving a shocking awakening
Brown and Yellowman activated their drone
which unleashed a rain of gunfire
Mercy gracefully
dove out of the way as Nightblade shot down
the belligerent machine with practice ease
our heroes then attempted
to subdue the drug dealing duo
with some old fashioned grappling
at a critical moment Eve Liberty
barged in to save the day with a powerful
stun bolt to Yellowman's chest
the gang successfully apprehended
Brown handed him over to the Johnson
and received their well-earned payment
what will they do
with the 5,000 new yen a piece
what mission will they accept next
what does life hold
for our brave heroes find out
on an all-new Harmontown Shadow Run Time
Thank you
I love everybody forever
you're welcome
okay
so do you guys know what's happening
yeah we just successfully completed a thing
we just got paid
where are we physically standing right now
let's say you're back at Hank's last
stand the bar
this is where we met weird Dave
what was his name perfect Frank
what?
what was our original new Darrell
no
all of those names were the best name
this is cool Dennis
cool Dennis
but he said
you know to meet with Teddy
Teddy's your boy he's the fixer
so with my permission
I don't want to control everything
but if we're cutting to a bar
I wouldn't mind being the guy
that just finished breaking the billiard
ball
like on the cut
and then I continue my sentence
by going like
I don't know something just doesn't add up
I always wanted to be that guy
the billiard guy
every time someone does
a billiard shot in a bar I always think
oh man there's a new scene starting
now Nightblade
I know that you suffer from severe alcoholism
you're not going to get fucked up again in case we need you are you
I would say the odds are pretty good in that favor
because I say this
I have a mild addiction too
I go off in the corner and I meet my drug dealer
and I buy some Psyche
what's your drug dealer's name
Ray Ray
are you explaining that to us
or are you saying an action that you're doing
I don't mind telling you
it's kind of a mild recreational addiction
to this drug called Psyche
which kind of makes my intuition and logic go up
it's like mushrooms
but it's good for shamans and stuff
well uh
you're a young kid
I don't think you should do that shit
I could stop whenever I want
you know it's just
listen kid
I drink to forget mistakes I made
when I was your age
you get a chance to not make them
I take another shot I don't even know
if I'm solids or stripes
solids
did we get another assignment
from our person
because we just caught Balvin Brown
it's true I haven't yet
Mercy why don't you go talk to Teddy our fixer
and make some more
some more new yin
did you say we haven't caught Balvin Brown
we haven't gotten a new
we haven't gotten one
hold on a second
don't you think
do you guys ever feel kind of bad
about stuff
we got that guy and
he didn't really do anything wrong
I'm not that guy I shouldn't be playing that role
I don't care
okay I don't care
nightblade how drunk are you
I never mind I forgot
I shouldn't care I don't care
look we broke a lot of eggs
back there we killed a few people
we certainly stunned a lot of people
with electricity
but I guess that's the life we've chosen
I never feel good about it
going forward I'm going to start
taking strides to be non-lethal
any way that I can
just wondering on these streets
that I was looking to medicate themselves
to be
better than lifechip
is not going to be a Pandora's box
I mean if it was just
a short mission I'm fine
I don't need to make a bigger deal out of it
are you saying that this might come back to bite us in the ass
I'm just picking at it
like a kitten picks it up
not
I'm never going to untie it
I'm just a thicker piece of thread
than usual
I'm sorry I forgot
I've said too much I'm alone
I would say that it's in my estimation
that this is the way that we work
that it is all
life is a mission now
we're on the dark side
so there is nothing but short missions
and long missions and the longer mission
is to stay alive
I would say let him play with his balls
in the meantime I perhaps
some of this
went
and I will
purchase
indulge my own
active soft
addiction
and learn some new accents
other ways to be other things to do
we've kind of grown to love your
kind of Norwegian accent
but you did not even notice
that I changed and became
more precise with my accent
over time
what is it now?
well now it is a skill soft
an active soft
because there was some problem before
people saying give the words Germanic
and Herzog-ish
so what I've done is I have
suspended over a bulb
and over a pool of water
listening to Vangelis
again but this time listening to
soil festivities
which I think is one of his best albums
learned a more
academic
by according to Hoyle
Norwegian accent
one from Oslo
it sounds fantastic I love it
I gotta say I really love hanging out with you guys
when we're not kicking ass
it's just fun to shoot pool and get high
and talk shit
a point taken though
before that
they don't call them picnic runs
you guys can I
can I tell you a little story about
I had that stored up for a while
can I tell you
when I was a little girl and I was living out in the woods
with the Salish Indians because I had to flee
my family and live out there
and learn the shamanistic ways
there's a story that means a lot to me
that I think would probably help
maybe mean something to you guys too
it's a young
young Indian scout and he's walking around
and he sees a bear
and
the bear
is looking for salmon and he
the salmon keep jumping by him and the bear is like
I can't catch any salmon
and the salmon keep jumping by him
the young Indian scout walks up and says oh my god
a talking bear
it's a little Salish comedy for you
it's probably
probably get a new mission
Mercy why don't you go talk to Teddy and see
if we got anything new on the burner
Teddy we just got a lot of money from you
we'd like some more do you have any
do you have any hookups
yeah maybe
I gotta tell you guys
I've been watching your progress
you got on
security films
there's footage of you
people know you're out there
it's no good I tried to do what I can
to kind of clear your traces
you know don't worry about it
no need to pay me or anything but
you gotta watch out man you had police on your tail
this is how people die
this is how shouter runners get killed
what would it cost for you to
perhaps stumble across some sort of
mission for us
you know I don't know
all whatever
I'll find
I'll see what I can do
as soon as he finishes
speaking as if on cue
you see an older elvish man
scramble into the bar
the bar you're all in in fact
not just any bar
he's wearing a fine Italian suit
although it's wrinkled in must as is the man's
hair and he's clutching a pistol
he looks like he hasn't slept in days
I would like to perhaps activate
at the same time my
ability to
with combat sense and also
to detect enemies to see if
this one is perhaps a problem
you use your skill to
detect enemies and I
say the horde guard and also to induce laughter
I said the horde guard
you sounded really Norwegian right now
this is really good
I thought at that point he sounded more like
Anatolian than he's ever sounded
I'm also the same person I was
when I started
he's insecure
I've never had the home
so what's up with this
all this guy's got a pistol in his hand
he's waving a pistol around
he doesn't appear to be an enemy though
he's not an enemy
he's just a pal
waving around a pistol
perhaps the two of you
will continue to talk
and I will keep an eye on this
intruder
maybe I better go talk to him
what do you do, what do you say
hey buddy
I hold out my
hands in that way that will allow my Aries predator
to come out of my robot arm
and shoot him
but in the meantime I'm just like
just sexy and
cool
and friendly and I'm like
hey man, I remember having a night like this
I solved it with a game of bill here
you can start the next scene
I just want to cut to a new scene now
he's just like so anyways
yeah he's also playing cool
it's a skill I have
that's my problem
sounds like
you need a shadow
you're good with people
go find out what this guy's deal is
what's wrong, why do you have that pistol
oh, for protection
for protection from who
from everybody
I got to get my voice on straight, hold on
oh no
nope
sorry everybody
is teddy there, find me teddy
you can trust me
I mean look at this face
I trust you, just find me teddy
teddy's right over there, he's over at the bar
oh hey teddy, Tom
teddy, my friend
I need your help, the mobs got
my son jelly, I fell into
a bad way, the spagoolies
they're making me pay a protection fee
to keep the street gangs off of my hoop
but they raised the rates too high
and I couldn't pay
the spagoolies are holding my dear boy
jelly hostage until I pay up
and if I don't pay back in a week
they're gonna start reproducing that digits
I can't offer you much
but I can give you $2,000
a piece and an eternal debt of gratitude
if you find my son
I take it all back, this was an awesome podcast
$2,000 a piece, mercy, ask for more
$5,000
we got $5,000 last time
I mean if I could pay
you guys $5,000 I could ransom
my son, I'd tell you gotta help me please
I don't know
is that a possibility you could pay more
than $2,000
I really like your shoes
I mean if that's what it takes
I give you my shoes, they made
by my mama
and then one when we finish the job
you know that's very reasonable
she drives a hard bargain
we really are
it's like not good guys
I mean come on, it's not brain surgery
oh wait it is
what do you say
so tell me more
about these spagullis
oh Arturo Spagulli
he's a big dick
he's running his mouth
but you can find him all over the place
I bet if you talk to him he'll be able to find my son
but he's real stupid
wait wait Arturo Spagulli has your son
or he's
I don't know if he has my son but I bet he knows someone who knows some
but you know the Spagullis
have got your son holding him ransom for ransom right now
oh yeah the Spagullis
so we're going to talk to one of the Spagullis
to get him back
I'd recommend Arturo
Arturo Spagulli, what's your connection with Arturo
what?
what's your connection with Arturo
he's a big dick
what do you do again?
what's your name?
my name's Ryan Dervish
and your son is named Jelly Dervish
yeah
I'm a medicine man
what sort of medicine do you practice?
the right kinds
do you have any active softs for sale?
is that kind of medicine?
I didn't quite hear that
do you have any active softs for sale?
that kind of medicine?
oh no I do not
hey can you heal me up a bit?
I've taken some stun damage lately over the last few hours
can you heal me up a bit?
oh you know I got this
zip
he pulls
he pulls a patch out of his pants
and he gives it to you
I put it on my
chest
you feel
it's like a thousand
coffees running through your veins
you're all back to Norman
back to Norman
I'm good, I'm a little jinky
but I'm good
it's fun though no?
sure you got a photograph of your kid?
oh yeah
let's have it
here it is, it's right off his Instagram
it's still around
you can't tell that's timeless
I don't know who took him
but my best guess is that Arturo knows a thing or two
and look, if you end up putting some bodies in the ground
make it look like someone else did the job
I'll pay some extra
to keep those shitheads off my back for a while
and to leave my name out of this
which is
Ryan Dervish
find Arturo, find what he knows
I feel like it's going to be easy to keep his name out of this
I'm never going to remember it
Mr. Dervish, as a fellow
elf and a fellow medicine woman
you got my word, we're going to get your son back
no questions asked
can I use my power to mind probe
just to make sure the landscape is as he describes it
I'm feeling like
my mind's being probed right now
what's it going on?
well it's just a sort of
what we call the normal vetting process
before we start
he starts screaming and you can read into his thoughts
it's very uncomfortable for him
but you see great shame in his business
you see his business has not been doing so well
he can't pay the mobs so much
it's really a tough time for this guy's life
and he's at his wit's end
he's just carrying a pistol around in public
I feel bad now
so we let him off the hook and then I say
look, I apologize but we have to cover
our bottoms
that was an excruciating experience
use your own medicine
hmm, okay
doctor, use your own medicine
hordegaard, can you use
your tech sense and find out
to get a lead on Arturo Spaguli
well I have
contact, his name is Ritz
he's a mafia also contact
but anyway I could contact him
and possibly find some sort of
what he's got, what he knows
yeah, yeah, you could definitely
call up Ritz on his com link
that's what I'm trying to do
alright, beep boop boop
but I have AT&T
and so the connection is spotty
alright, you get him
this is Ritz
let's hordegaard here
just
one question
if you heard of Arturo
the big dick
or mafia also big dick
where we might find him
if he in fact exist
and if he possibly is
hording a child
I don't know, there's a lot of
is he like egghead or he tries to draw his name into things a lot
like that's excellence
the brand is the brand sir
there's a lot of Arturo's
in the underworld
who you talking about?
Arturo Spaguli
what?
Spaguli
oh yeah I know Arturo Spaguli
why didn't you just say so
because I assumed we had a relationship
but I was of course wrong
for the last time
I'm just saying there's at least seven or eight
big movers and shakers named Arturo
in the criminal underground
so to focus and to be precise
this Spaguli
have you information?
oh yeah, you know that guy
he loves his fast food
all those Spaguli's
they're not hot in all these
nice bars or Italian restaurants
they just keep it simple
they hang out at the burger tyrant
this burger tyrant
is simply a restaurant
where they hang out
or is it more of a secure compound
it's really just more of a chain restaurant
which burger tyrant is it?
the one on Capitol Hill
or is it the one down on Pioneer Square
which one is it?
oh it's on Guadalupe
on Guadalupe
so then fellas
I hope that you are hungry
I'll tell you what
I'm hungry
for
ADVENTURE
what a cliffhanger
next week we're going to eat
we're going to go to the burger tyrant
and we're going to take all the sauces
and eat in the drive through
let's hear it for Celie everybody
very well done
DeMorge Brown
Spencer Crittenden
Curtis Armstrong
we love you come back soon
we hope you're well
thank you everybody here
I'm Jeff Davis with my champion
Dan Harmon everybody
thank you
I think the next episode of community
is the one that's directed by our friend
here at the podcast Bobcat Goldthwait
I think the next one
Bobcat
it's really good I really like it
did you get any of that
it's a good show
you